this video is brought to you by mass
drop check out the focal LX headphones
at the link in the video description so
a soos is pretty into these portable
monitors and they are stepping up their
game this is the Zen screen go we've got
two signs to make sure that nobody
screws up what it's called you know I
mean who could screw up what a display
is called if it's on a sign next to it
nobody obviously and the big difference
between this one and other mobile
displays is not really in the spec so
it's full HD
so if 1920 by 1080 IPS brightness I mean
it's not I shattered or anything but it
looks pretty darn good certainly
suitable for the coffee shop but the big
difference here is that it's got a
battery built in now so you can get
about 4 hours of charge using your
notebook with an external display when
you don't have access to a plug so if
you're the kind of person who is often
traveling and you're you know sitting at
your gate at the airport trying to get a
little bit of extra work done and you
don't have an outlet this could be a
lifesaver especially because it's not a
lot thicker than other external portable
displays that we've seen in the past but
what if you're looking for something
kind of like that except you have like a
lot of money to spend and you want like
the best one well then you might be
after the Asus Pro rpq 22 you see this
guy right here is a twenty one point six
inch 4k display
so that's 204 pixels per inch with 99%
coverage of dcpip 3 it's got a USB C
input actually it's got 2 USB C inputs
as well as micro HDMI and ok none of
that sounds that impressive but wait
there's more this is actually an OLED
display so this is the first that I've
ever even heard of using an OLED panel
from the company Jay o LED and like the
ones that we just looked at before it is
completely detachable it is only about 8
centimeters thick
meter centimeters thick and this is a
great opportunity to check out those
viewing angles is that impressive or
what and they're estimating that pricing
is going to be under $1,000 which
doesn't sound that amazing for like a
portable monitor
but is super impressive for an OLED
display at this time so The Stand
folds up I actually haven't seen how it
folds up yet so the fact that I could
figure it out on the fly
it's pretty impressive at least to me
and then you just go ahead you unplug it
hopefully I'm allowed to do that and you
throw it in the carrying case which I
also haven't seen how it works exactly
but theoretically it's a little
something like that in bippity boppity
boop you are ready to leave the suite
never to be seen again oh wait after I
tell you about our sponsor today mass
drop so the featured product here is the
focal LX headphones they've got 44
millimeter drivers using aluminium
magnesium and shaped cones for great
impulse response and transient response
as well as low distortion so you can
learn more about these headphones and
get full details including pricing at
the link to the drop below thanks for
checking out this video from CES 2018 if
you guys disliked you can hit that
button but if you liked it hit like get
subscribed and maybe consider checking
out where to buy the stuff we featured
at the link below which you can't buy
yet so maybe just subscribe for all of
our CES videos here at CES because
that's usually where you make CES videos